hello me brush creepers this is meat
juice and if I was to tell you that you
could have random a potion effects while
you were fighting moms watch and learn
says you've been given a strength boost
this is this can be set to different
probabilities of happening right now
it's actually very common because 1 2 3
4 9 times during just those zombies I
got the effect and uh here's the
Redstone behind it I was testing with a
design like this which is a much more
rare to get the potion effect but if I
had like that may zombies it was good
probably not give me the potion effect
by killing all of those so I just took
off this a little bit to ensure that I
would actually be able to record the
fact that I am getting new potion
effects otherwise it is possible but you
have to have a lot more mobs and it is
much more rare so if i actually just
take this off you can see how often this
pulses and you'd have to have this would
give like a to tick pulse i think and it
would have to be a to tick pulse during
the time that this would be on which is
kind of rare so there's that um I didn't
make it and yeah here's the command that
just tells you it's recolored this gives
you the effect this one gives the player
a stone sword and now these three are
the real ones that matter um so what
this does is it clears all the nearest
player of 272 with the damage value of
one so she's hit one
with it this is if you hit two and this
is if you hit three just to ensure that
you can actually have your sword and you
won't just get cleared and you will
actually get your another sword back so
others that and you know so now what
these do they give a comparator output
to this redstone ore this block and that
turns it off and the random chance that
this would actually be pulsing all this
with off it's what gives you the potion
effect so it gives you the potion
effective strength 45 seconds so yeah
that's really all there is to this it's
really simple and here's the much more
common effect you could give a strength
effect for I don't know two seconds if
you wanted like this and then take out
the chat message because that could get
kind of annoying so yeah I really don't
think there's much more to talk about
with this it's pretty simple um so yeah
this was me puse you're my me purse
creepers and I will see you next time
bye guys